Amazon Redshift is a fast, fully managed, petabyte-scale data warehouse

AWS Database Migration Service and AWS Schema Conversion Tool make it easier to migrate your schema and data from your Oracle data warehouse, both on-premises and on AWS, to Amazon Redshift without disruption to the applications that rely on the data source.

AWS Schema Conversion Tool (AWS SCT) --> automatically convert the source schema and majority of the custom code to a format compatible with Amazon Redshift. 
AWS SCT clearly marks any code that it cannot convert so that you can manually convert it.

AWS Database Migration Service (AWS DMS) --> begin the data migration with just a few clicks in the AWS Management Console. The source data warehouse remains fully operational during the migration.
 
Perform post-migration activities such as running SQL queries to validate object types, object count, and number of rows for each table between source and target data warehouses.

Technologies and tools --> 
1. Redshift 2. RDS for Oracle 3. DMS 4. SCT
--> AWS Virtual Private Cloud, security groups, Cloudformation and SQL knowledge is must

Benefits --> 
1. increasing performance while saving costs
2. Redshift delivers fast query performance by using columnar storage technology to improve I/O efficiency and parallelizing queries across multiple nodes. 
3. You can have unlimited number of users doing unlimited analytics on all your data for just $1,000 per terabyte per year, which is 1/10th the cost of traditional data warehouse solutions. 
4. easily resize your cluster up and down, as your performance and capacity needs change, with just a few clicks in the console or a simple API call.
5. Redshift allows you to easily automate most of the common administrative tasks to manage, monitor, and scale your data warehouse


DMS --> 
1. Created tasks to migrate data quickly and easily with minimual to no monitoring and deployment efforts.
2. Data moved from heterogenious data bases to Redshift.
3. AWS DMS service support CDC operations as well. This is very easy configuration as compared to complete ETL process.

SCT --> automatically converting the source schema to Redshift compatible schema

